README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h3>🚀 Introducing Sync UI ✨</h3>
  <p>A sleek UI library for Design Engineers, offering beautifully designed components built with MUI and Framer Motion.</p>
  <a href="https://x.com/syncuidesign"><img alt="Twitter Follow" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/syncuidesign"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/AbhiVarde/syncui/blob/main/LICENSE.md"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg"></a>
  <br /> <br />
  <img width="1428" alt="default-og-image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5b8f1c25-d0b4-45f1-bdf6-1d080f06ba3d" />
  <br /> <br />

</div>

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/AbhiVarde/abhivarde.in)

# syncui.design

- **Library**: [React](https://react.dev/)
- **Framework**: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Styling**: [Material UI](https://mui.com/)
- **Animation**: [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- **Analytics**: [Vercel Analytics](https://vercel.com/analytics)
- **Deployment**: [Vercel](https://vercel.com)

## Features

- 🎨 Beautifully designed components
- 🛠️ Built with MUI and Framer Motion
- ♿ Accessible and customizable
- 🆓 100% Free and Open Source.
- 🚀 Ready for your next project

## Templates

Explore our fresh, production-ready templates 🚀

- 🧩 [SaaS Template – $45](https://abhivarde.gumroad.com/l/saas-template-syncui)  
- 🎯 [Portfolio Template – $35](https://abhivarde.gumroad.com/l/portfolio-template-syncui)  
→ [See all templates](https://syncui.design/templates)

*Tip: Right-click on links and select "Open in new tab" to keep this page open while browsing templates.*

## Documentation

Visit [https://syncui.design/docs](https://syncui.design/docs) to view the full documentation and get started with Sync UI.

## Contributing

We truly ❤️ pull requests! If you wish to help, you can learn more about how you can contribute to this project in the [contribution guide](https://github.com/AbhiVarde/syncui/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Let's talk

- [Twitter](https://x.com/syncuidesign)
- [Guestbook](https://github.com/AbhiVarde/syncui/discussions)

## License

Sync UI is licensed under the [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/). All rights reserved.

## Authors

Sync UI is created and maintained by [Abhi Varde](https://www.abhivarde.in/).

Commit message:

docs: update README with support section and layout improvements

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h3>🚀 Introducing Sync UI ✨</h3>
  <p>A sleek UI library for Design Engineers, offering beautifully designed components built with MUI and Framer Motion.</p>
  <a href="https://x.com/syncuidesign"><img alt="Twitter Follow" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/syncuidesign"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/AbhiVarde/syncui/blob/main/LICENSE.md"><img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg"></a>
  <br /> <br />
  <img width="1428" alt="default-og-image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5b8f1c25-d0b4-45f1-bdf6-1d080f06ba3d" />
  <br /> <br />
</div>

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/AbhiVarde/abhivarde.in)

# syncui.design

- **Library**: [React](https://react.dev/)
- **Framework**: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/)
- **Styling**: [Material UI](https://mui.com/)
- **Animation**: [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- **Analytics**: [Vercel Analytics](https://vercel.com/analytics)
- **Deployment**: [Vercel](https://vercel.com)

## Features

- 🎨 Beautifully designed components
- 🛠️ Built with MUI and Framer Motion
- ♿ Accessible and customizable
- 🆓 100% Free and Open Source.
- 🚀 Ready for your next project

---

💖 **Love Sync UI? Support with a one-time gift!**  
From ☕ **$9** to keep development rolling, to 🚀 **$999** for a full promo of your work.  
[Become a Sponsor →](https://github.com/sponsors/AbhiVarde)

---

## Templates

Explore our fresh, production-ready templates 🚀

- 🧩 [SaaS Template – $45](https://abhivarde.gumroad.com/l/saas-template-syncui)  
- 🎯 [Portfolio Template – $35](https://abhivarde.gumroad.com/l/portfolio-template-syncui)  
→ [See all templates](https://syncui.design/templates)

*Tip: Right-click on links and select "Open in new tab" to keep this page open while browsing templates.*

## Documentation

Visit [https://syncui.design/docs](https://syncui.design/docs) to view the full documentation and get started with Sync UI.

## Contributing

We truly ❤️ pull requests! If you wish to help, you can learn more about how you can contribute to this project in the [contribution guide](https://github.com/AbhiVarde/syncui/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Let's talk

- [Twitter](https://x.com/syncuidesign)
- [Guestbook](https://github.com/AbhiVarde/syncui/discussions)

## License

Sync UI is licensed under the [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/). All rights reserved.

## Authors

Sync UI is created and maintained by [Abhi Varde](https://www.abhivarde.in/).
